Compat: Add clarification on BC guarantees for sliced 3D feature (#5180)
gpuweb/gpuweb: proposals/compatibility-mode.md

**Justification**: OpenGL ES 3.1 does not require multisampling to be supported on integer texture formats. The minimum value for GL_MAX_INTEGER_SAMPLES is 1, and [94.7% of reports on gpuinfo have that value](https://opengles.gpuinfo.org/displaycapability.php?name=GL_MAX_INTEGER_SAMPLES&esversion=31).

> ## 24. Support for `"texture-compression-bc"` may not imply support for `"texture-compression-bc-sliced-3d"` feature.

Reviewer: Stephen also suggested that we could alternatively just take this requirement out of Core. We only put it there because we could. It's not that important.

> If `"texture-compression-bc-sliced-3d"` is supported, then `"texture-compression-bc"` must be supported. `"texture-compression-bc"` does not guarantee `"texture-compression-bc-sliced-3d"` feature.

Reviewer: I think this clarification addresses Stephen's question:

```suggestion
Like in Core, adapters with `"texture-compression-bc-sliced-3d"` must also support `"texture-compression-bc"`.

Unlike in Core, `"texture-compression-bc"` can be supported without `"texture-compression-bc-sliced-3d"`.
```

> **Justification:** Desktop OpenGL with NVIDIA has further constraints for BC1-5 Sliced 3D due to [GL_NV_texture_compression_vtc](https://registry.khronos.org/OpenGL/extensions/NV/NV_texture_compression_vtc.txt), which is [widely present for NVIDIA GPUs](https://opengl.gpuinfo.org/listreports.php?extension=GL_NV_texture_compression_vtc), causing issues with texture API-side texture operations.

Reviewer: This is the first Desktop GL constraint. That makes sense, since BC is desktop-specific, but hopefully we won't discover any others. (Would Dawn have found them already if there were?)
